README.md, before:

# ProBlog Web Application

<p>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Progressive Web App -PWA-purple?style=flat">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-TypeScript-blue?style=flat&logo=typescript">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CMS-Contentful-yellow?style=flat&logo=contentful">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Next.js-black?style=flat&logo=next.js">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Deploy-Vercel-black?style=flat&logo=vercel">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloud storage-Firebase-orange?style=flat&logo=firebase">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Styling-TailwindCSS-teal?style=flat&logo=tailwindcss">
    
</p>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/made--by-Artur Okhotnichenko-crimson?style=flat">

#### Live Demo on Vercel : https://pro-blog.vercel.app/

**_ProBlog is Progressive Web Application, where you can find and read posts on the most popular topics. Home page has Latest Post section. On Blog page you can chosoe/sort Categories, search form where you can find post by name of title and reverse list of posts Pagination to switch between post's list. About page, you can read about ProBlog app. Contact form, by which you can send message to vevelopment team. ProBlog has Managing data from Contentful CMS. ProBlog app fully responsive and awesome feature that app can work ofline and installed to desktop._**

### Usage

- Clone repo
- Install dependencies: `yarn add`
- Create account on Contentful. Create specific model and fill content. Add Api key to `.env.local` file.
- Create account on Firebase and create project with Cloud Firestore. Add Api key to `.env.local` file.
- Setup environment variables key, in root project create `.env.local` example below:

```
  // Contentful keys
  NEXT_CONTENTFUL_SPACE_ID=YOUR_NEXT_CONTENTFUL_SPACE_ID
  NEXT_CONTENTFULL_ACCESS_TOKEN=YOUR_NNEXT_CONTENTFULL_ACCESS_TOKEN

  // Firebase keys
  NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_API_KEY=YOUR_NNEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_API_KEY
  NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN=YOUR_NNEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN
  NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID=YOUR_NNEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID
  NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET=YOUR_NNEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET
  NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_SENDER_ID=YOUR_NNEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_SENDER_ID
  NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_APP_ID=YOUR_NNEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_APP_ID
  NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_MEASUREMENT_ID=YOUR_NNEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_MEASUREMENT_ID
```

## MORE DESCRIPTION: LATER 🙃.

Commit message:

update readme, change post fields

README.md, after:

# ProBlog Web Application

<p>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Progressive Web App -PWA-purple?style=flat">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-TypeScript-blue?style=flat&logo=typescript">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CMS-Contentful-yellow?style=flat&logo=contentful">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Next.js-black?style=flat&logo=next.js">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Deploy-Vercel-black?style=flat&logo=vercel">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloud storage-Firebase-orange?style=flat&logo=firebase">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Styling-TailwindCSS-teal?style=flat&logo=tailwindcss">
    
</p>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/made--by-Artur Okhotnichenko-crimson?style=flat">

#### DEMO 👉  : https://pro-blog.vercel.app/

**_ProBlog is PWA(Progressive Web Application), where you can find and read posts on the most popular topics. In ProBlog app Contentful CMS helps to manage app content. The App has a fully responsive layout._**

### Prerequisites

You will need [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) version 8.0 or greater installed on your system.

### Setup

- Get the code by either cloning this repository using git
  
  ```
  git clone https://github.com/ohotnikarturik/pro-blog.git
  ```
  ... or [downloading source code](https://github.com/ohotnikarturik/pro-blog/archive/main.zip) code as a zip archive.
  
  Once downloaded, open the terminal in the project directory, and install dependencies with:
  
  ```
  yarn  or  npm install
  ```
- In project root, create `.env.local` file
- Setup environment variables key in `.env.local` file, example below:
```
  // Contentful keys
  NEXT_CONTENTFUL_SPACE_ID=YOUR_NEXT_CONTENTFUL_SPACE_ID
  NEXT_CONTENTFULL_ACCESS_TOKEN=YOUR_NNEXT_CONTENTFULL_ACCESS_TOKEN

  // Firebase keys
  NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_API_KEY=YOUR_NNEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_API_KEY
  NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN=YOUR_NNEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN
  NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID=YOUR_NNEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID
  NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET=YOUR_NNEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET
  NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_SENDER_ID=YOUR_NNEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_SENDER_ID
  NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_APP_ID=YOUR_NNEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_APP_ID
  NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_MEASUREMENT_ID=YOUR_NNEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_MEASUREMENT_ID
```
- Sign Up account on Contentful. In Contentful create specific model and fill content. Add Api keys to `.env.local` file.
- Sign Up account on Firebase and create project with Cloud Firestore. Add Api key to `.env.local` file.


Then start the example app with:

```
yarn dev or npm run dev
```

The app should now be up and running at http://localhost:3000 🚀
